feat: improve dex server (#1440)
numaproj/numaflow: docs/operations/dex.md

## Dex Server

Numaflow currently installs with a [Dex](https://github.com/dexidp/dex) Server for authentication integration. Currently,
the only supported identity provider is Github. SSO configuration of Numaflow UI will require editing a few files
detailed below.

### 1. Register application for Github

> In Github, register a new application named `Numaflow Server App`. The callback address should be the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In Github, register a new OAuth application. The callback address should be the
```

homepage of your Numaflow UI + `/dex/callback`. In most cases this should be `https://localhost:8443/dex/callback`.
If you are using a different `baseHref` for your installation, you must also include that.

After registering this application, you will be given a client ID. You will need this value and also generate
a new client secret.

![Register OAuth App](../assets/creating-application-github.png "Register OAuth App")

### 2. Configuring Numaflow

> First we need to configure `server.disable.auth` to `false` in the ConfigMap `numaflow-cmd-params-config`.

Reviewer: Please provide the exact location of the file to be updated. Same for below.

### 1. Register application for Github

> In Github, register a new OAuth application named `Numaflow Server App`. The callback address should be the

Reviewer: nit: the application name doesn't have to be `Numaflow Server App`, right? Users can choose their name.

Author: Going to run a test with this now. As it stands, the static client that is written to the dexConfig is:
```
numaflowStaticClient := map[string]interface{}{
		"id":     "numaflow-server-app",
		"name":   "Numaflow Server App",
		"public": true,
		"redirectURIs": []string{
			redirectURL,
		},
	}
```

Reviewer: The name of the Oauth shouldn't matter since we use client_id and client_secret to configure the connector. If the system is implemented in a way that user has to name "Numaflow Server App", then we should change the implementation...

Author: Works fine without having to name it `Numaflow Server App`. Will change this!
